Samuel Baldwin
CSCI206
Lab01
Jan 18, 2022

Figure out how to do the following in vim and in emacs. Write your answers in your lab01.txt file.
VIM:
i.save the current content of the file and quit
    :wq
ii.delete an entire line of text
    esc - dd
iii.display line numbers
    :set number

EMACS:
i.save the current content of the file and quit
    C-x C-c
ii.delete an entire line of text
    C-a C-k
iii.display line numbers
    M-x line-number-mode

1.One line mkdir command, making parent directories if needed:
    mkdir -p ~location
    In the case of this lab: mkdir -p Labs/Lab01
2.One sentence description of each of the following commands:
ls - Lists files within the present working directory, -a allows ls to show hidden files.
pwd - Returns the present working directory, or the location that the user is currently working in by giving the path from the root directory.
cp - Copy files or groups of files from a [source] to a [destination]
mv - Moves a file or group of files from a [source] to a [destination]
rm - Removes a file or a directory.
mkdir - Creates a file or a directory
rmdir - Removes empty files or directories
touch - Used to create files or update the access and modification times of a file.
cat - Concatenates files, reads files and prints them to the current output.
more - Function that allows files to be read one screenful at a time.
less - Similar to more, but allows backwards movement through a file.
head - Outputs the first part of a file - default is the first 10 lines of a file.
tail - Opposite of head, prints the last 10 lines of a file
3.The command to start emacs without a GUI
    emacs ~/file -nw
4.The command to show line numbers in vim
    :set number
5.The command to show line numbers in emacs
    M-x line-number-mode -> Alternatively Options->Show/Hide->Line Numbers
6.The command to save the content of the file in vim
    :w to save :wq to save and quit
7.The command to save the content of file in emacs
    C-x
8.The command to delete the current line in vim
    esc - dd
9.The command to delete the current line in emacs
    C-a C-k
10.After careful consideration, I will use vim in csci206 as my text editor.
